The Bucs re-signed Vea last month, and in locking in Mayfield now, they avoided not only a seasonlong distraction -- although Mayfield has been very good at tuning it out -- but also what is likely a much higher dollar figure in the coming months. You have to consider how much the market will change with several QBs being in line for contracts next year, plus a rising salary cap. Multiple agents told ESPN to expect today's $50 million will be $60 million tomorrow. Mayfield has said he does not need financial incentives to play better. He'll always seek ways to motivate himself. As his high school coach Hank Carter told ESPN, "His grease is always hot."

This can put to rest some of the concerns GM Jason Licht faced during training camp about a potential decline in the team's culture -- between those two deals not getting done and the departure of Mike Evans and retirement of Lavonte David. Licht responded by saying, "Not at all. ... I feel like the culture is maybe at one of its highest points." This helps reaffirm that. -- Laine

What does this mean for C.J. Stroud, Bryce Young and other QBs awaiting new deals?

Not much. The overall quarterback market remains relatively unchanged, and Houston is comfortable placing Stroud in the $50 million-and-up club that 13 quarterbacks now occupy. Mayfield has a proven statistical track record; whereas with Stroud, Houston must decide how far it is willing to go to prevent Stroud from playing out his rookie deal, which he seems comfortable doing. Stroud, Young and others know that the market will balloon next offseason, when several stars from the 2024 draft class are eligible for new deals and Lamar Jackson could look for his next contract. -- Fowler

How would you grade the Mayfield extension?
B: Mayfield is a playmaker with high peaks (he was producing at top-of-the-league levels for stretches of 2024 and 2025) but low valleys (injuries and overaggressive play create big mistakes). He's obviously a good enough quarterback to extend but now must deliver the high-level, veteran consistency of a Jared Goff or Brock Purdy (both $53 million APY) in order to return value on this deal. This looks like a reasonable, market-rate deal for the Buccaneers. What will be interesting to see is how much guaranteed money is in the final year of the contract, as the Bucs were reportedly pushing for a two-year deal at first before capitulating to the three-year extension. -- Solak

Key additions: F Caleb Wilson, G Dailyn Swain, C Nic Claxton, G Norman Powell, Tiago Splitter
Key subtractions: None
Key retentions: F Zach Collins

For years, Chicago has been seen as one of the sleeping giants of the NBA, a once-proud franchise reduced to meandering in the play-in tournament and in the middle of the lottery in recent seasons. But the Bulls got a much-needed makeover this summer and enter the 2026-27 season with a clearer direction than they've had in years. The changes have been full-scale: Bryson Graham was hired as the team's new head of basketball operations, Tiago Splitter will patrol the sidelines as head coach, No. 4 pick Caleb Wilson is the new face of the franchise, and he'll be surrounded by some veterans such as Nic Claxton and Norman Powell to help ease his transition. -- Jamal Collier

Zach Kram's offseason grade: C+

Chicago filled its tremendous amount of cap space with Nic Claxton, Norman Powell and Zach Collins (re-signed after an injury-plagued season). Claxton and Powell are certainly talent upgrades from the roster that ended last season, and they'll help Chicago avoid the new "relegation zone" in the 2027 draft lottery.

But it's fair to wonder whether this straightforward approach was the best for the Bulls' long-term future or if a more imaginative course of action could have instead landed draft assets or younger prospects in Chicago. -- Kram

What we learned this offseason
From Ben Golliver's offseason lessons piece: Caleb Wilson's arrival signals a new era.

Many rebuilding organizations find out that changing the front office or coaching staff doesn't always lead to a change of fortune. The Bulls learned this lesson the hard way: They haven't won a playoff series since 2015 despite multiple regime changes.

It usually takes a transformational talent to alter a franchise's trajectory, and Chicago might finally have found such a player. Wilson boasts a rare combination of size, skill and athleticism in a high-energy package, and he drew comparisons to Kevin Garnett and Paul George during a highlight-filled summer league showing.

Some patience is in order, however: Wilson will need a few years to add strength and refine his game before he is ready to lead a winner. But with Josh Giddey pushing the tempo, Matas Buzelis running on the wing and Wilson finishing lobs with authority, Chicago should immediately become one of the NBA's most entertaining teams. A little hope and a lot of fun will be welcome in Chicago, which has long needed a star with moxie to step into the void created by Derrick Rose's unfortunate injuries. -- Golliver

The big question: How do the current players on the roster fit in for the future?
After such a dramatic overhaul to the decision-makers and infrastructure around the team, what does the future hold for some of the old mainstays around the team? Giddey was a key acquisition in 2024 by the previous regime, but it has yet to be seen whether he fits Graham's vision for the future. Buzelis has shown promise as a young player, but will Splitter give him more ballhandling duties, and how does he fit next to Wilson? Noa Essengue, a 2025 first-round pick who missed nearly all of last season, will have to once again earn playing time. Overall, Chicago will have this season to evaluate whether any of these players fit the team's current trajectory. -- Collier

Make one bold prediction about the final stretch
Tim Kurkjian: Aaron Judge comes back Sept. 8. Even with all that time missed, he plays exceptionally well and makes the New York Yankees the favorite in the AL in October.

Jesse Rogers: Dylan Cease will throw a no-hitter against the Cincinnati Reds on the final day of the regular season to vault the Blue Jays into the postseason.

Castillo: The Yankees will win the AL East.

Doolittle: The entire AL East will finish at least .500, sparing us the ignominy of a losing team making the playoffs.

Schoenfield: The Yankees catch the Tampa Bay Rays and win the AL East.

Hembekides: Vladimir Guerrero Jr. will win AL Player of the Month for September.

Karabell: Last season's Blue Jays went 15-10 in September to win the AL East -- and they should have won the World Series. Star Vladimir Guerrero Jr. still hasn't hit a home run in a home game this season, and that will shockingly continue, but the Blue Jays rely on Kazuma Okamoto, Dylan Cease and the bullpen to return to October again and make a run.

Matt Marrone: The Baltimore Orioles have a pretty brutal schedule the rest of the way, so predicting that they'll sneak into the postseason might be a tad too bold. So how about this: Pete Alonso and Luis Robert Jr. return to Citi Field on Sept. 14 and combine for four home runs in a three-game sweep of the New York Mets.

Gonzalez: The Seattle Mariners will win the AL West.

Tristan Cockcroft: The Mariners will win 11 of 15 games over the final two weeks to steal the AL West crown from the Houston Astros, and they'll do it with Cal Raleigh hitting a walk-off home run to clinch the spot on the season's final day. (I'm basing this heavily on what's an absurdly light schedule for the Mariners over the final three weeks.)

Kiley McDaniel: Alvarez gets the Triple Crown, finishing with the top WAR in the AL over Bobby Witt Jr., and the Astros finish with the second seed (behind the Rays, ahead of Chicago White Sox).

Olney: I'm not sure if this qualifies as "bold," but the Phillies will beat out the Cubs for the No. 1 wild-card seed in the NL -- and then host Chicago in the wild-card series. That's a big, big deal, because one of the Cubs' theoretical advantages is the weather of Wrigley Field, which could mitigate some of the team's pitching issues.

Mullen: Schwarber will both win the major league home run crown and finish the season with 230 strikeouts, smashing Mark Reynolds' all-time record of 223 for a hitter.

Passan: Chris Sale will roar from behind to win the NL Cy Young.

If nothing else, the Mid-American Conference decided to stand up for itself no matter college football's established pecking order.

Yes, Michigan is Michigan, the Big Ten is the Big Ten, and the MAC (and by proxy Western Michigan) is what it is.

This is college football. Money is power, and power is money. One side has a lot more than the other, which is why these early-season games are often about showing up, shutting up and collecting your check ($1.5 million in this case) for the honor of getting invited.

If an extra second is added to the game clock, well, deal with it. Plenty of people thought Western Michigan got cheated out of a victory over Michigan on Saturday, but even if that is so, it wouldn't be the first time. Or the last.

To recap, WMU appeared to win the game 12-7 after a Wolverine pass sailed out of the end zone as the clock on NBC read 0:00. Big Ten review officials, however, citing a clock in their system that appeared synced to the actual stadium clock, gave the Wolverines one more second for one more Hail Mary. Michigan converted the mulligan and won 13-12.

On Tuesday, after three days of accepting the Big Ten's explanations, the MAC swung back, saying that the game is still supposed to be the game and that the protocols (more on that later) are supposed to be the protocols.

Western Michigan, it claims, actually won.

"After further study and investigation, it is now evident that replay protocol was not properly followed in determining whether time remained on the game clock," MAC commissioner Jon Steinbrecher said in a statement.

And this time the league wasn't asking for an apology or a clarification. It filed a formal appeal with the NCAA FBS Oversight Committee and the College Football Playoff asking that the Broncos be recognized as the winner.

Who is right here is a matter of perspective -- both sides can make a case.

The Big Ten appears to be precisely correct because dozens of internet stopwatches have shown that the first Hail Mary took slightly less than the nine seconds that remained in the game at the start of the play. As such, there was time for one more snap.

The MAC, apparently, isn't conceding that. It just says the review should use the clock on the NBC broadcast (even if it was wrong), not the "official" clock of the Big Ten that was used by replay officials (even if it was correct).

"The established replay protocol requires that the game clock displayed on the program feed be used in determining whether time remained," Steinbrecher wrote in a letter to the oversight committee. "Instead, the Big Ten Conference replay crew relied upon the clock feed embedded within its replay system.

"This was not a judgment regarding the proper amount of time to place on the clock," Steinbrecher added. "It was an error in the application of the established replay protocol governing this specific end-of-game timing situation. Had the protocol been properly followed and the program-feed clock been used, no additional play would have been awarded."

This is a 180 from when Steinbrecher and WMU officials initially accepted the decision, including the commissioner telling ESPN's Jake Trotter that he had "confidence in the integrity of the process and the integrity of the people involved."

Now, they are pounding the table and taking on Goliath in a sport where the playing field is never truly level.

"Western Michigan should not be disadvantaged because the prescribed replay protocol was not followed," Steinbrecher wrote.

The NCAA rulebook can be contradictory.

A section on replays (Rule 12-6-1[c]) states that "all reviews shall be based upon video evidence provided by and coming directly from the televised production of the game or from other video means available to the replay official that is also available to the television producer."

This makes sense because if millions are seeing one thing, telling them it's another is exactly how you get into this mess. It doesn't appear NBC had access to the Big Ten's video.


Yet a section on how time is kept (Rule 3-4[a]) gives full control to game officials: "Playing time shall be kept with a game clock that may be either a stopwatch operated by the line judge, back judge, field judge or side judge, or a game clock operated by an assistant under the direction of the appropriate judge."

This also makes sense because why should a television broadcaster be the determining factor?

The chances of the MAC being successful and the game result being reversed, however? Virtually zero. The NCAA said it has no mechanism to reverse a result. The Big Ten is so unconcerned it essentially declined to comment on the MAC's petition for a reversal.

The benefits to the MAC's self-esteem for at least trying, though? Probably incalculable.

If nothing else, the league is trying to fight as hard as those Western Michigan players did Saturday in the Big House.

MADRID -- José Mourinho says he has seen the best and worst of the UEFA Champions League at the Bernabéu. He felt the joy of winning the trophy here in 2010; two years later, he felt the heartbreak of losing a semifinal on penalties.

On Tuesday, in an anxious, awkward 2-1 win over Internazionale, he saw the best and the worst of his new Real Madrid team. If ever a scoreline didn't tell a game's whole story, it was this one.

Inter absolutely dominated the first half, on just about every metric -- take "passes into the attacking third": Madrid 15, Inter 128 -- except the bottom line.

Madrid were 2-0 up after 23 minutes, Kylian Mbappé and Federico Valverde taking quick-thinking advantage of Inter's defensive mistakes, and they could have scored again before halftime.

But the balance of play was completely in Inter's favor. In the second half, Madrid improved and could have scored three more goals, although it was Inter who found the net through Carlos Augusto in the 77th minute to ensure a tense finale.

Mourinho might not have minded. "I want to win," he'd said on Monday in his prematch news conference. "I could say I want to play well, but I don't want to play well like we did against [Real] Betis [in LaLiga on Friday] and lose. I want to win."

He got his wish. Madrid won, starting Mourinho's quest to win a trophy that eluded him during his previous three seasons at the Bernabéu -- falling each time at the semifinal stage between 2010 and 2013 -- with three points in the league phase.

But radical, across-the-board improvement will be needed for this Madrid team to be considered contenders to make it all the way to the final at the neighboring Metropolitano Stadium in June.
